adapt Aixexplainer to accept input on the explainer's parameters (#1385)
kubeflow/kfserving: docs/samples/explanation/aix/mnist/README.md

To try a different MNIST example add an integer to the end of the query between 0-10,000. The integer chosen will be the index of the image to be chosen in the MNIST dataset.

```
python query_explain.py http://${INGRESS_HOST}:${INGRESS_PORT}/v1/models/${MODEL_NAME}:explain ${SERVICE_HOSTNAME} 100
```

> To try different explainer's parameters, add another string json argument to specify the parameters. Supported modified parameters: top_labels, segmentation_alg, num_samples, positive_only, and min_weight. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try different parameters with explainer, add another string json argument to specify the parameters. Supported modified parameters: top_labels, segmentation_alg, num_samples, positive_only, and min_weight. 
```
